Pacrodoc
=========
Pacrodoc is a small tool that lets you define acronyms in Pandoc using the link syntax, to do the bare minimum that the LaTeX acronym package does. You can define acronyms, then the first time the acronym is used it is written out in full, and every subsequent time the acronym is used instead.

Usage
-----
Put Pacrodoc in the middle of the Pandoc JSON stream, like so:

    cat my_file.mdown | pandoc -t json | python pacrodoc.py | pandoc -f json -t markdown

This writes out the file to STDOUT, which is fed to Pandoc which then parses the Pandoc file into JSON. This is then passed to Pacrodoc that parses the Pandoc JSON data, modifies it to put in the acronyms, and then sends it back out to Pandoc to read that JSON data again. From there, you can select whichever output format you'd have wanted in the first place.

Defining and using acronyms
-----------------
You can define acronyms by making a link like this:

    [ACRONYM](acro:My Long Name)

For example:

    [UK](acro:United Kingdom)

With the acronym defined, you simply use the acronym as a link without any address, like so:

    The [UK]() used to be the center of a vast empire.

If you have some reason to use the acronym as an actual link, Pacrodoc will leave it untouched:

    If you have a complaint, bring it to Number 10 in the [UK](http://number10.gov.uk).

Limitations
-----------
* For now, the acronym used in the square brackets has to be the acronym you want to appear in the text.
* When an acronym is defined, it exists as part of a paragraph that Pandoc processes. The paragraph is not stripped, so if the acronym sits on its own paragraph, a blank paragraph break is inserted, which is noticable in some output formats (like HTML).
* Pacrodoc cheats when it outputs the text. Really, it should output properly encoded Pandoc output, using tokens like 'Space' for spaces. Instead, it just outputs a big String with the spaces in it. This may cause unintended side-effects in Pandoc or if Pacrodoc is used in conjunction with other scripts that modify a JSON stream.

About
-----
[BSD licensed](http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php).

Pull requests are welcome.